they want to take a bite out of the Big
Apple huh Big Apple timely mr. Callahan
to go back to writing pulp and put his
dreams of literature best ladies and
gentlemen I'd like to make a little
announcement today I will only be
signing copies of the good doctor on
time I'm married Brian I got a
girlfriend doesn't that stuff someone
can run a real estate agent like them it
might be my girl
okay happy 33rd birthday the hell does
that happen so fast what the hell is
bryan callen man hanging out with that
drunken fool for I'm sure she still
hates me you don't Kate you guys did
break up 12 years ago he cheated on me
there's a deep wounds I dug out this
calm in your growth me alone thank you
go to read turn it like the opportunity
this am sorry but give me yourself
although I can't
you waited for her outside her school
before she went to work that's nothing
doing the fact you want to get another
shot at the one who got away good
morning you know will happen if I see
him first I'll get mad when I'm just and
you know what I don't want to say
goes back to this guy man it's gonna
break my heart or so in love with this
girl fine I'm your rock back I've been
married 27 years six of which you
I have never loved as much as I loved
you so bless you again
there were no second acts I don't
believe that I don't think you do either
and
and try again